# LangChain Document Management Bot

### Description
This repository contains the LangChain Document Management Bot, a specialized AI assistant designed to efficiently manage and interact with documents processed by LangChain. This project leverages LangChain's powerful natural language processing capabilities to automate document handling, retrieval, and information extraction tasks, facilitating seamless integration and interaction with LangChain's ecosystem.

### Key Features
- **Document Extraction:** Uses `ReadTheDocsLoader` to load documents from `stray.fandom.com`, processing them to extract relevant information.
- **Indexing and Search:** Implements `PineconeVectorStore` for efficient document indexing and retrieval, using embeddings generated by `OpenAIEmbeddings`.
- **Dynamic Interaction:** Includes a user interface built with `Streamlit` that allows users to interact with the bot and receive real-time responses.
- **Chat History:** Maintains a history of interactions to enhance future responses and provide additional context during question and answer sessions.

### Technologies Used
This project is built using Python and several specialized libraries and services, including:

- LangChain for language processing and chatbot logic.
- OpenAI for embeddings and AI models.
- Pinecone for efficient vector index management.
- Streamlit for creating the web user interface.
- Beautiful Soup and Requests for web scraping and data handling.

### Installation
To run this project locally, clone the repository and follow the steps below:

1. **Clone this repository:**
Start by cloning the repository to your local machine using:

`git clone https://github.com/lemoonchild/AI-LangChain-Bot-Project.git`

2. **Install the necessary dependencies:**
Navigate to the project directory and install the required Python libraries:
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

3. **Create an Index in Pinecone:**
Set up a new index on Pinecone, a vector database that will store and retrieve the embeddings used by the bot. You can create an index by visiting [Pinecone](https://www.pinecone.io).

4. **Configure Environment Variables**
Create a `.env` file in the project root directory and define the necessary environment variables:
- OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
- PINECONE_API_KEY=your_pinecone_api_key_here
- INDEX_NAME= your_index_name_here

(Include the name of the index also in the consts)

5. **Run Ingestion.py:**
Execute `Ingestion.py` to load the documents into Pinecone, which the bot will use to fetch data:

6. Run the Streamlit server:
Start the Streamlit server to interact with the AI bot through a web interface:

`streamlit run frontend.py`

### Usage
The bot is designed to be user-friendly, with a simple command-line or GUI interface that allows users to upload documents, perform searches, and view extracted information.

### Demostration

Video: https://youtu.be/qXujp6h_MHU


